== AUTHOR:
  Rafael Crivellari Saliba Schouery
  http://www.ime.usp.br/~schouery
  schouery@gmail.com

==Documentation
  You can find the RDoc for this application on doc/app/index.htm

== LICENSE:
  (The MIT License)

  Copyright (c) 2010 Rafael Crivellari Saliba Schouery

  Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
  of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
  in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
  to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
  copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
  furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

  The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
  all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

  THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
  IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
  FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
  AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
  LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
  OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN
  THE SOFTWARE.
  Release under MIT Gnu Public License version 3.
    
== INSTALL

  The install process is almost equal to any Ruby on Rails application. You can find
  a hand full of tutorials on how run a Ruby on Rails application. But this is a
  application that runs inside Facebook, so you need to config somethings. You should 
  take a look at http://developers.facebook.com/docs/guides/canvas/ and 
  the file vendor/plugins/facebooker/README.rdoc.

  You can run rake db:seed to generate a sort of models to your system. You shoul edit
  the file db/seeds.rb and change ADMIN_ID to your id on Facebook.

== database.yml
  For security reasons, we don't include a database.yml file on the project.
  Below you find a exemple of such file. You should put it on the config folder.

  development:
    adapter: sqlite3
    database: db/development.sqlite3
    pool: 5
    timeout: 5000

  test: &TEST
    adapter: sqlite3
    database: db/test.sqlite3
    pool: 5
    timeout: 5000

  production:
    adapter: sqlite3
    database: db/production.sqlite3
    pool: 5
    timeout: 5000

== facebooker.yml
  For the same reasons that above, we don't include a facebooker.yml file on the project. 
  Below you find a exemple of such file. You should put it on the config folder.
  You can find more information on Facebooker in vendor/plugins/facebooker/README.rdoc. 

  development:
    api_key: <API-KEY>
    secret_key: <SECRET-KEY>
    canvas_page_name: <CANVAS-PAGE-NAME>
    callback_url: <YOUR-SERVER-URL>
    pretty_errors: true
    set_asset_host_to_callback_url: true

  test:
    api_key: <API-KEY>
    secret_key: <SECRET-KEY>
    canvas_page_name: <CANVAS-PAGE-NAME>
    callback_url: <YOUR-SERVER-URL>
    set_asset_host_to_callback_url: true

  production:
    api_key: <API-KEY>
    secret_key: <SECRET-KEY>
    canvas_page_name: <CANVAS-PAGE-NAME>
    callback_url: <YOUR-SERVER-URL>
    set_asset_host_to_callback_url: true
  
== Defining a new type of Game
  You should use as example the class SymmetricFunctionGame. In your new model, you should include
  GameTheory::BaseGame. This will define some relations with Card, GameScore, GameResult and User.
  Your model should respond to:
  *user_id: identifies the creator of the game
  *name: the game name
  *description: the game description
  *color: the color of cards from this game, should be something between "green", "red" and "yellow"
  *weight: weight of the game when dealing a card
  *removed: indication if the game is inactive

  Your module should respond to play. The method play should find the cards that can be played and calculate
  the payoff for this cards. You should call card.play(payoff) in each of it and at the end create a
  GameResult with GameResult.create(:cards => cards, :game => self).

  Please, note that each card has an strategy, so you should define a model for the strategies of your game.
  Take a look at SymmetricFunctionGameStrategy for a example.

  Besides the traditional views, is necessary to create two partials: _card.html.haml and _game.html.haml.
  The first is used when editing a card for this game and the second is used as a row in the game list.